# smart_shoe_polisher
In today's world, robotics and automation are  changing everyday activities. In our busy world, people want convenient solutions that save time and effort, even in their grooming and appearance. One often-overlooked task in the area is shoe polishing. Although it is a necessary activity for maintaining personal confidence and personal appearance, today, many people skip it because they feel it takes too much time. To solve the problem, we propose creating a smart shoe polisher. This system has two parts. The first part will automatically clean shoe dust, and the second part will polish shoes using polishing liquid without user interaction. With sensors, motors, and a microcontroller-based control system, and robot can detect the user’s leg and, when a shoe is dispensing polish and clean the shoe automatically. This provides a hand-free and efficient solution. 
The main goal of the project is to create a shoe polishing robotic system that is less expensive, more convenient, and efficient, and automatically able to clean and polish shoes. The intended system is designed not only to reduce manual shoe maintenance but also to save time and effort for users who need to maintain their professional appearance,e like soldiers, students, office workers, and those who do not have much time to maintain their appearance but need to maintain it. This system is a particularly good idea to be placed in offices, schools, hotels, military academies, and public places. Also, this project concentrates on affordability and ease of use for a wide range of users who can use it for both personal and business purposes.
